Update contribute.rst (#78)
kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx: docs/source/contribute.rst

Contribute
##########

Vircadia is an open-source project, so all of our code and documentation is available for you to look at. You too can contribute to our endeavor for the metaverse!

> Our main `GitHub repository <https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena>`_ contains the source to many of the components of our software for creating virtual worlds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our main `git repository <https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena>`_ contains the source to many of the components of our software for creating virtual worlds.
```

Reviewer: The reason for this is to keep agnostic what service is hosting the overall git repos as that can change from GitHub at anytime. Whereas things like "Issues" are specific to GitHub potentially and the wording may have to change if it changes from GitHub anyway.

> There are tons of ways you can contribute to the various parts that make up Vircadia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are plenty of ways you can contribute to the various parts that make up Vircadia.
```

> There is tons of ways you can contribute to the various parts that make the Vircadia project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are tons of ways you can contribute to the various parts that make up Vircadia.
```

.. contents:: On This Page
    :depth: 2

-------------
Documentation
-------------

> You can help creating and maintaining the documentation in several ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can help create and maintain the documentation in several ways:
```

> - Report errors or missing information to the `Github issue tracker <https://github.com/kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx/issues>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Report errors or missing information to the `GitHub issue tracker <https://github.com/kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx/issues>`_.
```

> - Create or change documentation pages and open a `PR (pull request) on Github <https://github.com/kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx/pulls>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create or change documentation pages and open a `PR (pull request) on GitHub <https://github.com/kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx/pulls>`_.
```

> - `Review changes <https://github.com/kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A"needs+review">`_ to the documentation on Github. Currently we would like to have two reviews for most changes, as there is always things that the writer and the first reviewer overlooked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Review changes <https://github.com/kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A"needs+review">`_ to the documentation on Github. We would like to have two reviewers for most changes, as there are always things that the writer and the first reviewer overlook.
```

-----------
Translation
-----------

> As an international project, Vircadia relies on translators to be able to reach users that do not speak english.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an international project, Vircadia relies on translators to be able to reach users that do not speak English.
```

Currently the only component that has translation support is the documentation.

> You can help translating on our online translation system `Weblate <https://weblate.vircadia.dev>`_ by either submitting translations or becoming a maintainer for your language and checking translations before they make it into the documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can help translating using our online translation system `Weblate <https://weblate.vircadia.dev>`_ by either submitting translations or becoming a maintainer for your language and checking translations before they make it into the documentation.
```

More information on translating the documentation can be found in its `README <https://github.com/kasenvr/vircadia-docs-sphinx/blob/master/README.md>`_.

---------
Donations
---------

> Most, if not all, of us work voluntarily without any payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vircadia is primarily driven by the voluntary contributions of its community and core team.
```

> While we do not have an entity to manage donations, you can donate to specific members of the team via various services like PayPal or Patreon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While we do not have an entity to manage donations, you can donate to specific members of the team via various services like PayPal, Patreon, or GitHub Sponsors.
```

> You can also put bounties on specific features you want to see implemented or issues you want to see fixed, by leaving a comment on our `issue tracker <https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also put bounties on specific features you want to see implemented or issues you want to see fixed, by leaving a comment on our `issue tracker <https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/issues>`_.
```

> Of course bounties are also an option for other parts of the project like the documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Of course, bounties are also an option for other parts of the project like the documentation.
```

> The bounties are based on trust, so if you are unsure about something speak to a core developer or bring it up at a community or developer meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bounties are created and assigned based on trust, so if you are unsure about something regarding one then speak to a core developer or bring it up at a community or developer meeting.
```

> Most of the developers are highly trained and experienced, normally earning upwards of 40$ an hour on the free market. Keep that in mind if you want to see something done that no one is personally interested in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most of the developers are highly trained and experienced, normally earning upwards of 40$ an hour on the free market. Keep that in mind if you want to see something done that no one else is personally interested in.
```

> Most of the developers are highly trained and experienced, normally earning upwards of 40$ an hour on the free market. Keep that in mind if you want to see something done that no one else is personally interested in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the developers are highly trained and experienced, normally earning upwards of $40 an hour in the free market. Keep that in mind if you want to see something accomplished that no one else is personally interested in.
```

> Most of the developers are highly trained and experienced, normally earning upwards of $40 an hour in the free market. Keep that in mind if you want to see something accomplished that no one else is personally interested in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the developers are highly trained and experienced, normally earning upwards of US$40 an hour in the free market. Keep that in mind if you want to see something accomplished that no one else is personally interested in.
```

Reviewer: One last thing, heh, I realized that $40 may not make sense to everyone unless specified to be USD. :)

-----------
Development
-----------

> You can help the general development of the Vircadia project without being much a of a developer yourself by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can help the general development of the Vircadia project without being a developer yourself by:
```

> - filing issues on our `issue tracker <https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena>`_,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- filing issues on our `issue tracker <https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/issues>`_,
```

- helping to narrow down those issues,
- or `testing pull requests <https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A"needs+QA+(testing)">`_.

> If you are a developer you can contribute directly to the project via pull request. Keep the `guidelines <https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md>`_ in mind when contributing to the main software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are a developer, you can contribute directly to the project via pull requests. Keep the `guidelines <https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md>`_ in mind when contributing to the main software.
```

Some additional information can be found in the :doc:`Developer Section <developer>`.
An important job for developers that have become more accustomed to the platform is `code reviews <https://github.com/kasenvr/project-athena/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A"needs+CR+(code+review)">`_ of open pull requests.

------------------

> Miscellaneous work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Miscellaneous Work
```

------------------
There is also a lot of miscellaneous work that comes up every now and then:

- 2D art like posters or banners,
- 3D models,
- scripts,
- video editing,
- and so on.

> It is tremendously helpful for a developers to have someone they can ask when they need work outside of their area of experience done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is tremendously helpful for a developers to have someone they can ask when they need work done outside of their area of experience.
```

> It is tremendously helpful for a developers to have someone they can ask when they need work done outside of their area of experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is tremendously helpful for developers to have someone that they can ask for assistance when they need work done that is outside their area of expertise.
```
